("Say It Ain't So" by Weezer)
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Alright ♪
♪ Somebody's Heine' ♪
♪ Is crowding my icebox ♪
♪ Somebody's cold one ♪
♪ Is giving me chills ♪
♪ Guess I'll just
close my eyes ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Alright ♪
♪ Feels good ♪
♪ Inside ♪
♪ Flip on the telly ♪
♪ Wrestle with Jimmy ♪
♪ Something is bubbling ♪
♪ Behind my back ♪
♪ The bottle is ready to blow ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ Your drug is a heartbreaker ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ My love is a life taker ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I can't confront you ♪
♪ I never could do that
which might hurt you ♪
♪ So try and be cool ♪
♪ When I say ♪
♪ This way is a water
slide away from me ♪
♪ That takes you
further every day ♪
♪ So be cool ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ Your drug is a heartbreaker ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ My love is a life taker ♪
♪ Dear Daddy, I write you ♪
♪ In spite of years of silence ♪
♪ You've cleaned
up, found Jesus ♪
♪ Things are good,
or so I hear ♪
♪ This bottle of Stephen's ♪
♪ Awakens ancient feelings ♪
♪ Like father, stepfather ♪
♪ The son is drowning
in the flood ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ Your drug is a heartbreaker ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Say it ain't so ♪
♪ My love is a life taker ♪
♪♪♪